Abstract
In this project, we will use the STM32F4xx discovery board to describe a car wiper control system. Most car wipers are controlled by a DC motor, but the STM32F4xxdiscovery does not have a motor, so we will discuss the use of LEDs in this application. As an example,  wiper control. The STM32F4xx discovery board has 4 LEDs and a push button. The colors of these LEDs are orange, green, red and blue. The current limiting resistor connects the four user LEDs to the discovery board's PORTD pins PD12, PD13, PD14, and PD15. GPIO pins are configured as digital input pins so that the buttons work with the STM32F407VG microcontroller. Press and hold the user button for 2 seconds and the red LED will light up. Turn the ignition key to ACC and the LED will light up. The LED will also flash to indicate that the wiper is on. Windshield wipers are  a necessary component to remove raindrops and other liquids from the windshield of a vehicle. Previous systems required  the wiper to be started manually, making it difficult to manage the process of raising the wiper. Therefore, this method has been proposed to address these issues. The purpose of this project is to improve the system of aging automobiles equipped with automatic transmissions. The wiper system improves the system by including sensors and actuators, creating simple software that works perfectly with the system and frame. The principle of this proposed wiper system is comparable to that of other existing conventional wipers.
